## To Do: Create a deployment script, using ruby, to generate a json template that contails the below:

1. A VPC with three subnets. The VPC should have an IP-range of /16, the subnets /20.
2. A security group for the VPC. 
3. S3 bucket with a randomly generated name and an ACL that denies access to anyone except for the owner. 
4. An EC2-instance within the new VPC. 

## Approach Used:

I have used cfndsl DSL(Domain specific language) to generate the JSON output after executing the Ruby code. You can read more about it at : https://github.com/cfndsl/cfndsl/blob/master/README.md

There are other DSL's also like 'cloudformation-ruby-dsl' to achieve the same target. It is created by Bazaar Voice. You can read about it at: https://github.com/bazaarvoice/cloudformation-ruby-dsl

Reason for choosing the cfndsl is because of very good documentation provided by the provider for its use.

## Prerequisites:

I have setup below prerequisites on the Linux machine:

- Install RVM
- Install Ruby (Version: 2.1.0)
- Install cfndsl gem 

## Work Done:

1. I have created the Assessment.rb file as mentioned in the assignment. It has capability to generate the required JSON for all the infrastructure components(VPC, EC2, S3 etc).
2. VPC has been created with one public subnet and 2 private subnets with the required CIDR blocks.
3. Created the Security group, EC2 and S3 as per requirements.
4. As an additional thing, I have attached the EBS volume of 10GB with the EC2 instance. As in the assignment, I had to spin up just the EC2 server without any additional requirements. To showcase the use of userdata and creation of EBS, I have added it.

## Assumptions:

As the requirement is pretty straight forward in the assignment, so I have not taken into account the creation of load balancer, autoscaling, multi AZ etc. I just concentrated on creating the infrastruture components using JSON generated by execution of Ruby.

## Output:

The output after executing the Ruby file will be a JSON file. I have uploaded Outcome.json in this github Repositry which is generated after the execution of Rubu script. 




